[Music]
hello
welcome back to another video i hope
you're having a
lovely day in today's one i'm gonna be
going through why
in a day these ha ha
these are up there as like you know my
favorite videos to film and i haven't
filmed one for
maybe a month or two just because i
didn't want to get repetitive like with
any of my
recipes and i always like to share
newness so yeah that is why i haven't
filmed one of those recently i'm back
today with
some lovely healthy new recipes that i
feel like you're going to really like
to explain how i've been training like
from home whilst being
back in lockdown in the uk so i'll jump
straight into it if you could hit this
video with a like i would
really appreciate it i'm going to start
with
a coffee i can't believe i'm speaking to
you having not had a coffee yet
and make some breakfast i think in
pancakes
i just thought i'd quickly show you my
little outfit of the day i did train
fasted this morning and and i got these
joggers from pretty little thing
they had them in this other like a light
purpley color which i thought was really
lovely but it was out of stock in like
so many sizes
and but my friend had these on in like
beige the other day and they looked so
lovely on hers oh
need me some of those just for like days
like today working from home right
around the house and anyway
i feel like i feel like something out of
like night fever
but i just thought maybe it's my talk
with them i can't work out what it is
but something just
i don't know i still quite like them but
um just makes me laugh like
i'm just catching myself in the mirror
like these look right
every day at the moment because i'm like
mainly working out in this space and a
bit of outside i'm just constantly
having to change things round
but here's my crystals this coffee
machine
has so much use i know quite a few guys
have also got
an espresso machine my current favorite
flavor is the starbucks blonde roast one
i think it's columbia
from um aldi that is also really nice
they're my two favorites at the moment
for breakfast i'm gonna have some white
chocolate banana
protein pancakes so i'm using some
instant oats this time
very quick and easy if you don't have
instant oats and just got the thicker
ones
you could just pop them in a blender to
make a fine
kind of flower or use plain flour um
so yeah i'll show you what you need
pumpkins so all we're going to need
for our pancakes some almond milk or
milk what you've got in
i'm using the white chocolate deluxe
diet way
flavored protein absolutely love this
one a little bit of baking powder
a whole egg some ground cinnamon
a banana and then the ground insulin
oats i've got my kitchen scales here and
i just had to put another battery in
these actually
i'm going to use 40 grams
20 grams of protein
and then i normally use like half a
banana but today i want it to be super
banana pancakes i'm gonna use the full
thing
120 grams of vanilla and just
an egg a whole egg
and then a teaspoon of cinnamon
add about 80 grams of milk i'm just
going to transfer the mix
in to this container i just find this so
much easier you know you're doing
pancakes and
it just pours so much easier rather than
making an
absolute mess i'm just going to use some
of this fry light one calorie spray it's
not been
artificial in this and if you're on a
cutting
phase or just trying to be more mindful
like you carry stuff this is a really
good little hat
putting these on a low heat i feel like
that's like the key
with pancakes like you don't want to
over burn them or like cook them
too quick
and you start getting the little dots
that is when it's
a flip
and of course you've got to go in size
[Music]
order
i'm gonna measure out some frozen
blueberries and microwave these for a
minute
[Music]
and then i'm going to pop some crunchy
nut butter
here we have my pancakes
do you know what i actually don't really
like this part because this is where
i've got to film
the lovely nose right in front of my
face and i feel like one of those dogs
like my mouth is just
right now white chocolate is such a
shout on pancakes like
i'm in a white chocolate face at the
moment so cheers
i think i've ever actually sat down here
like
in any of our videos keep coming to
maneuver all the time because dining
room table get moved get get moves
dining room table gets moved on a daily
like because obviously we keep using the
weights
in the morning and stuff like that and
mason prefers to work out
in the dining room where i'm like sort
of in between going outside
uh and like this space just behind me
penelope also has a massive say in like
where we work out and also what times
like
it's so ridiculous she will bite my feet
until
i either move or move her but the white
chocolate is all melted
i really like these ones because these
are very fluffy
[Music]
wow
i don't understand why you're thinking
hello
[Music]
i just thought quickly catch up with you
just on like
how i've been training what i've been
eating like how am i doing
i'm maintaining am i doing a book all of
that with the uk
being in lockdown i think we've been in
lockdown
coming up to two weeks maybe something
like that and obviously
until the second of december which means
all gyms
in the uk are shut i don't have like a
home day or anything i'm looking in the
first lock down i just get a barbell and
like some argos dumbbells really
thankful to have those right now and
someone always said i'm using those but
it's not quite the same like i don't
have
half as much as the weight um that i was
using in the gym and things like that
so i'm just doing penelope get down he's
in season and she's just on the sofa in
the background
she keeps sneaking into the living room
and she's been so
cheeky this week so yeah with like my
training i've basically just been
really increasing my volume adding some
like supersets
um and training that way not necessarily
obviously i can't really focus on my
strength goals right now i've been doing
some like isolation work so like single
leg kind of thing
just to increase tension like where i
can as much as i can as well
if you don't have any equipment at all
honestly you can get some really good um
body weight workouts in with it only
been supposedly like a month of lockdown
like
you know we've all got some muscle
memory and things like that
so shouldn't be too much of an issue
like going back to the gyms and then
with my nutrition
and things like that i've just kept
myself at maintenance i haven't been
overly strict like i've just been
eyeballing a lot of stuff recently i
haven't
tracked um like my dinners really making
it more like casseroles and sunday
roasts and stuff and i just haven't felt
a massive need to track at the moment
which is absolutely fine like
i my whole approach is just more of a
lifestyle
if you're also in the same boat like not
wanting to lose much muscle mass the
best thing you can do is make sure
you're still
fueling your body and keeping your body
moving like i
have basically been making an effort to
try and get out on
uh more walks of penelope although it's
a bit difficult when it's darker like i
definitely felt like i just haven't
really fancied it as much but i'm still
making sure i get out
even if it's once a day like on top of a
workout
um just to keep things moving and i just
think it keeps you in better
sort of headspace before like when i was
going to the gym and stuff it definitely
splits your day up a bit more whereas
this timeline obviously it's like you're
working out from home you're working
from home
you're relaxing from home and it just
all feels
very intense sometimes and so yeah i
think just getting out splitting up
your day going on as many walks just
helps loads in that sense
yeah other than that i'm focusing on
some stuff behind the scenes this week
it's been crazy to be honest like i'm
quite nervous about what's to come in
the future it's going to be a long
process but um
things are very much like fold moving
right now
is why i feel like i've been a bit quiet
on like my insta stories and
maybe on youtube-ish just because i've
been focusing on
other things well i have a feeling that
you guys are going to love like what's
to come
and that's all i'm going to say on that
note and over the night training and
nutrition stuff i've literally just been
keeping my head down i've just been
trying to do some like you know
kind of work um so i've been reading and
making more of an effort to like read
more books
and i haven't really got into netflix
like this locked down i think from like
the first lockdown i watched
loads of new series and i've just not
been able to get stuck into anything at
all like
mason started watching i think it's the
queen's gambit um
i just could not get into it in the
slightest bit at the minute it's not
everyone seems to be in dubai or the
maldives and
i would love a break sometime soon um
but yeah i've not made like major plans
for christmas yet just because
what can you do at the moment so so it
is lunch time and i'm just gonna make
some stuff
i'm gonna use my chicken hex sausages
oh these never get old for real these
are so nice um and i think i might
i'm gonna have some egg and turkey
rashers as well
might as well go all the way i'm gonna
use the fry light again
and then i like flattened the sausages
right down so that they cook
way quicker just gonna use some lightly
smoked
turkey ration
i've just toasted these little sandwich
things got some of these philadelphia
light i really like this
actually it's so nice cheese things
about
25 grams of
[Music]
and then here we have it it's like a
mcdonald's
milk sandwich turkey bacon the chicken
sausages and a bit of salad
and i've just put the other remainder of
the sausages
on the side and these are like the
little sandwich thins
this is so nice it's the cream cheese
that really makes this as well
sorry
[Music]
that lunch was just delightful something
so simple but so tasty
if you watched my recent grocery haul i
picked this up i haven't actually tried
it yet it's
onkan uh yogurt in mango papaya
passion fruit flavor
[Music]
so i picked up some passion fruits as
well i've never actually had them like
in the stuff sunflower seeds yeah this
is a very bougie snack actually isn't it
really
[Music]
i'm pretty sure the only times i've ever
had passion fruits
before is in a porn star martini
so um this is something
it isn't even four o'clock yeah and it
is very almost
getting dark the yoga
has got some little fruit chunks in as
well i just thought it'd be nice to mix
up like my usual
greek yogurt i've been having for so
long
i'm just finishing off like some bits of
editing and
work and stuff i cannot even stress or
like
explain how much better my
like my shoulders and my back it's
almost like you know when you're sort of
like tense
i felt like i've been like that for
weeks and then literally just
one hour of just like intense massaging
and sorting my neck out and stuff just
made the world of difference and i
honestly feel like i'm full of energy
just from
having done that so i'm going to keep on
top of them some of those sessions i
think they help
so so much if you're someone who is
putting a lot of stress on your body
like with weights and things like that
like really look after yourself i'm also
going to get like a golf ball
i think nathan's got one somewhere
saying that put that against a wall or
something and just like
run that on and like my neck and
back and shoulders and stuff and
hopefully that'll help like just keep
things
a bit looser because i see whenever i
get stressed or anything i feel like i
carry it
all in my neck and shoulders and i don't
think it helps that
penelope pulls so much on the lead like
she's so excitable and she's really
strong now because she's so big
feeling that's probably not doing my
neck any good
but anyway earlier on i was on a zoom
call with
phd nutrition and like some of their
other ambassadors and like the team and
stuff they're all so lovely
and that's actually the first time that
i've kind of like met them obviously
like virtually
um because of code and stuff i've not
managed to
go to like any like group event or
anything just yet
really nice and i've popped my ring
light on
so you can actually see me on the screen
because this room's a little bit dark
sometimes
i think it must have been like by the
door anyway mason came downstairs like
buys the door open and went bleh what's
going on in here
i've knocked the ring light over which
went with the bang and then
this was like mid presentation hopefully
no one really noticed but
one of those moments i was just like
coming around just swallowing me up
right now
um so that has been my day today i've
got some really good work done today and
sometimes i think the biggest
and best bit of self-care you can do is
just to get
get things done there's a reason i'm
still in the shower i had a few
comments i think it was on the last vlog
um
just about what i've been using on my
hair um
and this isn't obviously sponsor
anything i
have been using the europlex number five
bond
maintenance conditioner and shampoo on
every wash and
um it's quite pricey but it's made such
a difference and i feel like my hair
has come back to life like just since
she's knees for the past like i think
like six weeks or something
someone like me who bleached the living
daylights out of the hair
and it all snapped off and i had to cut
off
so much length and it's still getting
there
it's still a little bit thinner on the
ends but um that stuff is
pure magic and worth every penny and it
does last a while
like depending on how often you wash
your hair but i think if you're
a fellow workout gal and a sweaty girl
is an absolute must because when you're
washing hair more sort of frequently
like you're getting sweaty all the time
you've really got to look after it
because it just dries out doesn't it
otherwise
worst we are still on hair um but yeah i
got these
dyson chorale hair straighteners last
week
and i think i've used them twice now
they're sort of like heavier than your
cloud nine
but the best feature is that you can use
them wireless
so imagine if you're like on the go like
one more out of this whole covered thing
like i just feel like he's going to come
in so handy like if you're ever
traveling away
i think i straightened my hair on 165
degrees the other day which is like the
lowest ever
normally it's like 210 with my cloud
nines
also the outer plates are cool like
they're cold so you can't burn yourself
on the top like i've never really been
like a very good hair person
so these were like basically made for me
and they've got some other features that
have not quite switched out yet
but so far so good i think these would
be a really nice
present and i really would like to do
giveaway sometime soon and i would love
to
include maybe some straighteners or like
a hairdryer of some sort
along the lines of that it's dinner time
um
and just going to make like
a casserole we've done this quite a lot
recently and it's super easy all you do
is basically fry the chicken obviously
i'll show you now but
throw the chicken cook that through and
then
mix in like all your veggies and onions
carrots whatever you've got in the
fridge really
we normally put like this casserole
seasoning
but we've not got any left so we're
going to use like a stock cube and flour
and that makes it like a nice little um
sauce kind of thing
so yeah just cooking the chicken through
first of all
she started that up and some onions
[Music]
so this casserole goes in for an hour
who is it now love do the face
chew are you quite hungry now i'm just
gonna have this
teeny weeny orange uh that casserole is
still gonna be
a while yeah also i think i've got some
ice creams in the fridge like the little
mini
magnum classic ones
[Music]
this looks so nice it is super creamy
oh this is an angle isn't it flipping
a few getting fake emails on paypal for
some strange reason
and this week like there's a lot of
fraudsters going around
um but yeah that is pretty much
everything guys i think i'm going to
wrap
this video up here i really hope you've
enjoyed this
in a day i'm on comfort level 100 right
now this is such a comfy little spot
let me know if you found this video
useful and what you would like to see in
the upcoming
videos i'm very open to requests i did
get quite a lot of like
vegan video requests last time request
that sounds weird doesn't it
just people suggesting sorry to do some
vegan style
videos which i haven't ever done before
so that's good
good one if there's anything else just
pop them down below and yeah i hope
you're having
a lovely day and send in all my love and
yeah i'll see you in the next
video